upload user guide (#139)
disorderedmaterials/jv2: Doc/Pages/1.intro.md

---
title: Introduction
brief: A brief introduction to <strong>JV2</strong>
taxonomy:
  category: docs
docroot: /jv2/docs
header_class: alt
---

> The availability of basic run information collected on a given ISIS instrument is  a basic requirement for an operational beamline. Metadata for each individual run is captured automatically by the underlying system and stored in 'journal' files - XML-formatted files which are local to each instrument. The data contained therein is viewable through the "Journal Viewer" page within the Sample Environment Control Interface (SECI), providing information such as run number, run title, and user information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The availability of basic run information collected on a given ISIS instrument is  a basic requirement for an operational beamline. Metadata for each individual run is captured automatically by the underlying system and stored in 'journal' files - XML-formatted files which are local to each instrument. The data contained therein is viewable through the "Journal Viewer" page within instrument control software (IBEX), providing information such as run number, run title, and user information.
```

> **JV2** is a standalone desktop application designed for use outside of SECI, and which aims to provide better access to the information contained within the instrument journal files, adding additional functionality such as sorting, grouping and filtering of this data. Beyond this, it also allows interrogation of the run data itself, along with the associated log file containing instrument and sample environment data block values captured within SECI, and provides graphing capabilities for this data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**JV2** is a standalone desktop application designed for use outside of IBEX, and which aims to provide better access to the information contained within the instrument journal files, adding additional functionality such as sorting, grouping and filtering of this data. Beyond this, it also allows interrogation of the run data itself, along with the associated log file containing instrument and sample environment data block values captured within SECI, and provides graphing capabilities for this data.
```
